The Companion tab displays
text, interactive tasks,
and instructions to guide
you through each project.
It contains guidance for
using the code editor;
the required tasks for the
assignment; and instructions
for how to complete
the assignment.
It also includes an
example output for the task.
To run your code
in the code editor,
simply select the
Run Code button.
This will execute the code
and show you the output
while identifying any errors
that may have occurred.
To check if tasks have
met the requirements,
select the Calculate
Grade button.
If the tasks have
been fulfilled,
a green checkmark will appear.
If the tasks have
not been fulfilled,
a red X will appear instead.
Continue to refine, run,
and calculate your code
until you are satisfied
with the outcome.
To submit the assignment,
select the Submit button.